---
layout: post
title: My Experience with Bloc
---
My experience with bloc was one of learning and over coming obstacles. When I started I had no experience in the slightest with web design. HTML, CSS, JavaScript, angular, etc. these were just words, some of which I might have read at a time but glossed over as if it was nothing more than a definition that had no meaning to me.  Yet I found myself, not only working at a full time job, but also learning a new set of languages that I knew nothing about. I am not at all afraid to admit that I was rather overwhelmed.  Patience and perseverance however proved to be my ally as I finally began to make progress in what I considered at first to be an insurmountable task by the beginning. I have much to learn still but I am moving forward in learning how to become a professional frontend developer. 

Coding is not easy. I know a shocking revelation that learning a new skill isn't easy, someone call the papers, but without any bull coding can be an overwhelming thing on its own. Mixing it with a full time job, keeping a social life and maintaining a healthy body is a big job. I don't know how many times I had to tell some friends that I couldn't go out with them because I had some assignments to do, or how I had to sacrifice time at the gym so I could get through just some of the lessons I needed to do that week. On top of all of that, as I said previously coding is not easy and I even would get stuck and unable to progress for a long periods of time as I tried to piece together why some code didn't work the way I wanted or why errors appeared when I tried to display a project. This is some 2 years of college courses, comprised into a page of checkpoints so the pressure on its own mounted and stress was a constant companion. Through this however I found that this area has something, most other fields do not, a vast community of people ready to help the struggling developer.

I have never seen a field that has thousands of people ready to help someone with a problem as if it was their own. My mentor alone was always there to assist me, which was amazing in itself, but whenever a problem occurred that she could not assist me with, she knew of plenty of places to go to ask my questions. This felt reassuring that should I ever reach a road block that I could not pass, even in the future, I knew that I was not alone. I will not deny that I am inexperienced, that's a given as I only started learning any of this 6 months ago with no experience before hand, but I found that Bloc provided me with not only the skills but the right experience to know how to over come a problem when I ever come across one in this field and I would highly recommend it to anyone wanting to learn this field.
